Clearified keycloak steps: (#6175)
mattermost/docs: source/onboard/sso-saml-keycloak.rst

Set up a connection app for Mattermost SSO
-------------------------------------------

.. note:: 
    This was tested with Keycloak v18.0.0.

>     Additionally, you do not typically have to make a realm dedicated to Mattermost. We recommend adding Mattermost as a client to your primary realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, you don't typically need to make a realm dedicated to Mattermost. We recommend adding Mattermost as a client to your primary realm.
```

1. Log in to Keycloak as an administrator.

> 2. Click **Clients** then **Create** and save. You'll use this client ID in a later step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Clients**, then **Create** and **Save**. You'll use this client ID in a later step.
```

6. Select **Generate new keys**.

> 7. Select **Export**, use the values below, and then select **Download**. Once you've downloaded it navigate back to the Mattermost Client in Keycloak for the next steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select **Export**, use the values below, and then select **Download**. Once you've downloaded it, navigate back to the Mattermost client in Keycloak for the next steps. 
```

    - **Archive Format**: ``PKCS12``
    - **Key Alias**: ``mattermost``
    - **Key Password**: ``mattermost``
    - **Store Password**: ``mattermost``

    .. note::

>         In the below picture we used `Mattermost` for the `Realm Certificate Alias`. You can use any value that you would like here, as it's designed to identify what this certificate is within your Keycloak realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In the image below, we used `Mattermost` for the `Realm Certificate Alias`. You can use any value that you would like here, as it's designed to identify what this certificate is within your Keycloak realm.
```

9. Add the username and ID attribute.

>     If you're planning to sync your SAML users with LDAP within Mattermost the ID value used here must match with your Mattermost LDAP ``ID Attribute``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're planning to sync your SAML users with LDAP within Mattermost, the ID value used here must match with your Mattermost LDAP ``ID Attribute``.
```

.. image:: ../../source/images/keycloak_4_create_username_attribute.png
   :alt: In Keycloak, on the Mappers tab, create a protocol mapper, then save your changes.

    Once done your Mappers should look like this:

> .. image:: ../../source/images/keycloak_4_create_username_attribute_finished.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: ../../source/images/keycloak_4_create_username_attribute_finished.png
   :alt: Example of protocol mapper configuration. 
```

.. image:: ../../source/images/keycloak_7_mattermost_request_signing.png
   :alt: In the System Console, you can optionally request signing with configured parameters.

6. Set attributes for the SAML Assertions, which will update user information in Mattermost. 
    

>     The below are from step 8 and 9 above. These values must be the **SAML Attribute Name** within Keycloak. See `documentation on SAML configuration settings </configure/configuration-settings.html#saml>`__ for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The attributes below are from steps 8 and 9 above. These values must be the **SAML Attribute Name** within Keycloak. See `documentation on SAML configuration settings </configure/configuration-settings.html#saml>`__ for more details.
```
